docs: add security.md (#153)
primer/brand: .github/security.md

Thanks for helping make GitHub safe for everyone.

## Security

> GitHub takes the security of our software products and services seriously, including all of the open source code repositories managed through our GitHub organizations, such as [GitHub](https://github.com/GitHub).

Reviewer: I may be reading this wrong, but should this say Primer instead of GitHub? 

```suggestion
GitHub takes the security of our software products and services seriously, including all of the open source code repositories managed through our GitHub organization, such as [Primer](https://github.com/primer).
```
